Make clear that need to add simple_jwt to installed apps (#420)
jazzband/djangorestframework-simplejwt: docs/getting_started.rst

  pip install djangorestframework-simplejwt

Then, your django project must be configured to use the library.  In
``settings.py``, add ``rest_framework_simplejwt`` to the list of apps and
``rest_framework_simplejwt.authentication.JWTAuthentication`` to the list of
authentication classes:

.. code-block:: python

  INSTALLED_APPS = [
      ...
      'rest_framework_simplejwt',
      ...
  ]

> 

Reviewer: This really shouldn't be here. Many people don't enable localization. Where you see "You can also include a route for Simple JWT’s TokenVerifyView", write some docs below that section dedicated for "adding localizations/translations" (add both words for searching sake in RTD).

      ...
  ]

> If you wish to use localizations/translations you simple needs to add 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to use localizations/translations, simply add 
```
